How to search github code (#793)
opensafely/documentation: docs/how-to-get-help.md

## Onboarders

When your project has been approved by NHS England, we will agree an intensive support period with you when our experienced researchers and engineers will be made available to get you started.

## Q&A Forum

If you're outside the onboarding support period, or you're just trying OpenSAFELY out, your first port of call should be our [Q&A forum](https://github.com/opensafely/documentation/discussions) in GitHub. Before asking for help here, please search the [Q&A forum](https://github.com/opensafely/documentation/discussions) and these documentation pages to check that your query hasn’t already been addressed. Some of the most common issues that users face when using OpenSAFELY are listed in the [FAQ page](https://github.com/opensafely/documentation/discussions/445) on the Q&A.

## Searching past study code

> Another useful source of information when writing your analysis is the [OpenSAFELY organisation](https://github.com/opensafely) in GitHub, where all code for previous studies is stored. You can search for examples of how specific variables, codelists etc have been used previously. However, **use with caution**: you may come across old code that has since been superceded/corrected or contains errors. 
> 
> On the [organisation page](https://github.com/opensafely), paste search text into the top-left box (`Search or jump to...`) and press return or select the option to search `In this organisation`. Select `Code` to find any matches within previous code (or sometimes `Issues` may help). It can be helpful to use the option to filter the results by Language (e.g. `Python` for study definition files). 

Reviewer: thought: This looked mostly fine as it was!

As a suggestion, I've tidied this up slightly but it's really just:

* some slight rewording
* slight reformat
* use of roughly [semantic linebreaks](https://sembr.org) while I was editing (We're not enforcing these, but if adding new content, I try to use them. They can help make future edits easier to understand in Git: in theory, you should end up having changes isolated to small, specific lines, instead of one big paragraph.)

Feel free to use:

* the whole suggestion
* some adaptation of it
* none of it

```suggestion
The [GitHub OpenSAFELY organisation](https://github.com/opensafely) is a useful source of information when writing your analysis.
Our GitHub organisation stores all of the code used for previous studies. 
You can search for examples of how specific variables and codelists etc. have been used.

!!! warning
    Use some caution when looking at code, especially older code:
    it may have been superseded since.

To search the OpenSAFELY GitHub organisation for code:

1. Go to the [OpenSAFELY GitHub organisation page](https://github.com/opensafely).
2. Type or paste your search text into the top-left box (`Search or jump to...`)
3. Press ++enter++ or select the option to search `In this organisation`.
4. Select "Code" to find any matches within previous code (or sometimes "Issues" may help).

It can be helpful to use the option to filter the results by language.
For example, restricting to Python might help you find study definition files. 
```
